that looks good a nice slice of
margarita pizza
have a seat and i want you to take a
bite enjoy your slice he was invited to
have a seat in
my own house but thank you sam i already
had a slice and it was lovely thank you
for in uh
inviting all of us your home and
providing us with pizza dude
yes you seem disappointed by that
i'm not just no i'm not disappointed
you're feeding a bunch of people here
and we all appreciate it and i'm
thanking you for it no i appreciate you
appreciating it okay
all right so to wonder at what point
like
what point you're gonna stop feeding me
yeah
i don't know i don't know
no i won't oh
so
laura right now we are going to get to
the feedback so we're hearing from
hannah right and this is from the tony
hale episode anna if you remember this
guy ghosted her twice we're going to
hear a little bit of a little recap
anyways
danielle tell us what's happening with
this male friend of yours that recently
came back into your life we met in the
beginning of college um and when we
first met on this project we were
friends but then towards the end we kind
of realized we had this chemistry um and
he vocalized interest in dating me the
problem was i was on the east coast in
new york and he lived on the west coast
so when we both got back to school all
of a sudden he told me he didn't know
what he wanted anymore uh so then a
little time went by and we were both at
a party and we hooked up so then after
that i got ghosted and then he found out
i was studying abroad in la and he
texted me offering help if i needed it
and he kept talking to me he apologized
for being awful and like leading me on
one thing led to another um and we made
out on this beach at sunset in
california
and currently we're still texting but
he's back east and i'm in california and
i don't want to be played again or let
on
let's hear let's hear our feedback let's
hear hannah's feedback hi anna and sim
my name's hannah i'm a huge fan of the
show and just want to give my two cents
on danielle's situation from the tony
hale episode
so first as soon as she said he has
ghosted her twice my face went into my
palm
i think when you're looking for someone
to have a relationship with you do not
let your desire blind you from what you
deserve
you could be fantasizing about an idea
of what you want but from the sounds of
this guy you will not find it with him
so being with someone who is unsure of
themselves is a roller coaster and the
highs are really high and the lows are
very low and as long as you stay
invested in someone who is emotionally
unbalanced you will be riding that
roller coaster with them
and sadly the fact of the matter is i
don't think you can do anything about
that and they have to be the ones who
seek the change
so continuing to allow this person to
talk to you on his terms will only start
a repetitive cycle when he gets bored
his eyes are going to wander elsewhere
and when elsewhere is nowhere his eyes
will wander back to you
only ever accept the love you know you
deserve you want to be in love with
someone and in love with the way they
treat you
the guy danielle mentioned doesn't seem
to have good intentions since he is
inconsistent with his actions towards
her
and i think she needs to find someone
who truly loves her and not maybe
do not waste your time any longer
because this won't teach you anything
except to prohibit anything like this
from happening again
wait until you find someone who's all in
who you don't have to spend your time
questioning and wondering about
someone who brings good things and
stability into your life and makes
things easier for you not harder
you want to be with someone who
puts you in your relationship first and
i promise danielle you will find them
but you're not going to find it while
you're wasting your time on someone
who's recip who's not reciprocating what
you're giving
and keeping the sky in your life is only
taking up space for someone who could
treat you a thousand times better
and i've seen way too many of my friends
waste years on the wrong people and the
entire time deep down they knew it
wasn't right they just couldn't get away
so the longer you wait the more painful
the ending and my advice is to cut it
off like
yesterday
but thank you anna and sim i'm loving
how you're splitting the episodes into
two parts it keeps my work week way more
exciting love you guys
i think hannah just completely embodied
and articulated the spirit of sort of of
protecting your heart
and i hannah thank you so much that was
so beautifully said
and
and i so appreciate um
you taking the time to to respond and i
i know that our dear listeners will as
well and i i just so appreciate it thank
you hannah
[Music]
this episode of unqualified is brought
to you in part by intuit powering
products like turbotax quickbooks mint
and credit karma intuit works for what
you work for and it was only recently
that i found out they were working for
me
i've been using quickbooks for years and
more recently began using mint which is
an easy way to create monthly budgets it
was a bit surprising to realize how much
i could save by learning how to make
coffee
with intuit artificial intelligence can
predict your future cash flow recognize
a misplaced digit in an account or rowdy
number and even connect users with live
experts who can assist with navigating
life changes or help with unique tax
situations
everything is automatically organized as
you track your personal or business
expenses by scanning receipts invoices
and other financial documents while
smart budgeting tools let you know
before you overspend
innovative features like these make
managing your finances simple but as you
probably already knew innovation is at
the core of everything intuit does
discover how intuits products can help
you see what's possible at intuit.com
that's intuit.com
this episode of unqualified is brought
to you in part by the pill club do you
need to renew your birth control
prescription want to switch your birth
control maybe try it for the first time
whether you know the brand you want or
you're looking for help finding the best
option the pill club medical team has
your back with the pill club you'll
never have to make a trip to the doctor
or wait online at the pharmacy the pill
club is a birth control subscription
prescribed by a medical professional and
delivered straight to your door for free
in discreet packaging the pill club
carries over 120 fda approved brands
most brands of birth control are free
with insurance or medicaid otherwise
prices start as low as seven dollars per
month without insurance
right now when you go to the pill club
dot com slash unqualified the pill club
is offering a 10 donation to
bedsider.org for every unqualified
listener who becomes a patient your
donation will help low-income
individuals get access to birth control
through bedsider.org
that's thepillclub.com
to get your first birth control care
package that's thepillclub.com
unqualified to get your first birth
control care package and donate to help
more women in need of affordable birth
control remember
thepillclub.com
unqualified you must use the link to
make a donation
[Music]
she was so cute
um i like that name
oh thank you usually when i compliment
people they
mention things they they give them to me
thank you guys well it's that cubix
acornian so
all yeah all right we'll find out later
um
oh sorry thank you
i don't know these are fancier than our
this setup is much fancier than ours
anna i know
we're out of we're out of our league
yeah
you know what i was listening to on the
way over here
little kim the jump off
and i like to drive with my windows down
and uh which embarrasses sim yeah when
he writes because everyone recognizes
you and you're in a tesla first of all
and you're no no no no just gotta ride
with it dude
just hit the sprinkler you're throwing
[__] it i'm gonna [__] right back
right yeah
why wouldn't you be gonna own it
hey um okay kobe here here are the
things that i want to talk to you about
and i know we're going to talk to you
about your book um but uh so i don't
really
i don't really know much about sports
but i am fascinated by um
by you know the idea of it and i'm i
work in i know it's like a tangent but i
work in a multi-cam
world where you pretty much get two
chances to do um your scene the way you
want to do it and then we move on so
oftentimes you leave the scene feeling
like did i hit that right i don't know
which um feels
of course what it must
be like to to be a professional athlete
and
um
so
like
that kind of pressure especially with
basketball because don't they basketball
nba has the longest running c like
sorry it's so it's a long day baseball
is probably like baseball is longer but
basketball is the quicker turnarounds in
between
um
so
how like on like at game 56 of a season
how do you keep morale up
like personally and within a team yeah
you you focus on the moment you know you
just focus on where you are right here
right now in this practice right here
right now and you don't
think about the end journey or you don't
think about the journey that you've
already been on you got to really try to
keep everybody locked in and the way to
do that is not to tell everybody okay
just focus on what we're doing now
because you tell somebody that you're
automatically going to think about the
opposite right right so you're speaking
very factual basketball terms tonight
we're in memphis we're playing the
memphis grizzlies the memphis grizzlies
like running a screen roll set this is
how we're going to cover that this is
how we're going to do this
so it's like not putting the pressure on
to like being careful with the
acceleration of pressure yes you should
you just focus on the here and now
that's it and do you find that like that
works
did that work really well with like the
the freshman of the lakers it was a lot
harder for me this is how i don't know
it's fine
it works though but it works like
freshman rookie it's saying tomato
tomato man it's all good and and then
like what happens when you've got a
young rookie who maybe has a healthy ego
i mean is there like how do you
cultivate team
the idea of a team yeah well the
important thing is you know what we
tried to do is understand and phil
jackson was really massive what this is
understand that everybody does have
individual goals
individual aspirations that's fine
right our trick is to figure out how to
how do you achieve those individual
goals within our team concept and within
what we are trying to do as a team we're
not getting you to say okay
that's a goal now don't worry about that
put that stuff to the side that's not
it's not being a responsible teammate
our job is to help you achieve those but
help you achieve those within
our system
we um uh maybe a year and a half ago we
were we had terry crews on our podcast
and he was talking he talked about
something that i thought was really
fascinating because he got traded and so
he
he talked about sort of the
he talked about a few things the cult of
masculinity which was really interesting
we don't have to really go into that if
you don't want to um but that's the
thing but when he talk he talked about
that very eloquently and he also talked
about being viewed as a commodity and
and sort of the disillusionment
in terms of like
what as a player in terms of loyalty
towards a team and how much emotional
investment
do you have when you could potentially
be traded and
and
and you played for the lakers your whole
run right yep
today it doesn't happen like that no
today no that's why you're wearing that
nice coat that's right
the lakers are like we gotta kick you
yeah
it's because of the you know my fashion
sense
no yeah i think you got to be lucky as a
player and i was certainly lucky to come
to an organization
i think you're being incredibly modest
no but there's been players who have had
like great careers
uh great players but then towards the
end of the run the team's like all right
yeah thank you it was awesome
get out
right that didn't happen because the
organization that i'm with right and so
i was very very fortunate uh
a lot of the athletes out there haven't
been
as lucky well and i i would imagine too
that that
that your leadership on the team became
because you have played for like that
must have infiltrated like a a solid
team mentality which i think it's
especially with something like
basketball and this is where i don't
know what i'm talking about well i don't
anyway
in general but
but i would think that with basketball
because
um because you play so many games and
because the teams are smaller it's and
and the the the containment of a
basketball court is smaller
that you have to develop
you know strong
i don't know relationships are strong
like a strong sense of of you have a
great great community but it it the
thing about basketball which is
beautiful is i remember sitting on a
plane ride um with the team always kind
of playing a game of cards
and all of a sudden you started talking
about politics start talking about
religion and you start understanding how
everybody has different points of view
yeah on all of them literally all of
them right and i'm sitting there like
wow this is amazing that you can
actually have those different points of
view but guess what you bind together
for something greater than yourselves
and that's the beauty about basketball
to be about sports is that you have to
be able to put those individual
differences to the side and focus on
what are you going to do collectively
and have respect for each other to be
able to accomplish a task
like when you're if you're shooting a
free throw yep that's it was that like
was that like your
like
like on a scale of one to ten
enjoyment level
uh i enjoyed it it was like a ten for me
because
yeah because those are like easy points
like i should not miss free throws but
then like when you go on a road you go
on a road and you have people like
putting all kinds of signs up by trying
to distract you and stuff so do you have
like a did you have like a breathing
like did you how did you how did how
[__] did you just concentrate on
consistency like i i changed like every
year kind of depending on like what i
felt like but generally it was like two
dribbles uh-huh hold the ball nice deep
breath just walks on the rim shoot it
right but you but like it's fun because
people were trying to distract you yeah
even and i always found that funny i
love it that right now listeners kobe
has this massive grin on his face
it's like yeah that's crazy that's like
that's when you [__] know you're good
you're like i got i like under that kind
of pressure i got this yeah it should be
a bucket it should be a bucket but like
i never understood the noise thing
like people are like oh we're going to
make so much noise at the thing thing
you know it's going to be hard
no i've never seen a yell block a jump
shot like it's not going to do it
who are some of your favorite players
like that maybe aren't your
contemporaries um well man like i
studied the game
like all the way back to like the
inception
right like crazy stuff your dad was a
professional basketball my dad my dad
played in italy like my uncle played for
the chicago bulls long time ago so i
like have a basketball family so like i
studied everything about the game like
all the way back to
when james naismith first created the
game
like a total basketball dork in like
but you know when you look at like the
history of the game or the history of
anything you start identifying patterns
in those things or you start seeing
moves that were done a long time ago
that um still work to this day so it's
like studying classical performances and
looking at you know how this actress
delivered this line i delivered this
line and then you look at you find
different variations they're delivering
the same line you just work on things
over and over and over and over and over
but like by studying the past it helps
you better
yeah
yeah yeah
so what um like who do you think is the
most undervalued like not
like team wise and like off like the the
the people that we don't see who's who's
undervalued do you think yeah can i
actually ask a follow-up question on
that anna maybe because i was always
wondering speaking of value
i always wondered like who becomes a
team leader who becomes the captain like
i know in hockey the best player isn't
necessarily the captain of the team it's
usually the person who's the leader
within the clubhouse uh in basketball
and in baseball it's usually the the
person with the biggest stats the most
high profile he's designated the captain
but he may not necessarily be the team
leader how does it work within in
basketball uh
if someone isn't playing
well on the court but yet you know that
inside the locker room he's an amazing
presence and he needs any who is
respected by all of his teammates how
does management view that how do the
players view that you know he's not
pulling his weight on the court but yet
we do need him inside is there is there
ever did you ever wrestle with that ever
no not at all because you know everybody
has an important role to deliver i mean
it sounds cheesy to say but it's the
absolute truth and everybody's role is
just as important as the next man you
know what i mean so even though we had
captains on the team it wasn't like we
were subscribing to like oh my god you
know we're captains like everybody
delivers something different you know
the way i i led was then balanced out by
the way pal gasol
led which was then balanced out by how
derek fisher and lamar odom led and all
the way down to like adam morrison and
all of these guys having different
things that they bring to the table in
different ways that make the machine go
i was going to go with cater
carer
like caterer craft service person like
some like the well like so who are like
providing nourishment and happiness all
right so check this out so like not not
even so uh at the start of the season i
went and uh i called from bill belichick
to come out and speak to the patriots
right so i go out and speak to the
patriots and they walk me through the
cafeteria and also stuff then they tell
me that
they put the healthy foods the things
that they really want the players to eat
right at the entrance
of the cafeteria of course so you fill
up your plate with that yeah especially
for the rookies the rookies are running
late they're running late to meetings
and stuff and they gotta get there
they're gonna grab the first thing all
right well those are the best so there's
not enough room for the cheesecake okay
y'all the cheesecake is all the way over
there buddy and you got you got 30
seconds to get your button and meeting
before belly check finds you so yep only
one plate yeah that's it you're done
that's it i'm i'm grabbing an apple
micaela salad
give me that kill um wait but i do want
to ask you um
i know uh but but about players that you
like maybe two players that you that you
really admired and why well um michael
jordan and um and magic those were my
two favorite guys of all time and all
for different different uh for different
things you know the way magic played the
the kind of infectious enthusiasm that
he played with you know smiling yeah
yeah
and michael was just a stone cold killer
yeah i mean like people you mean he
literally
terrified people it was the funniest
thing in the world
[Music]
this episode of unqualified is brought
to you in part by best fiends we all
know there really is only one match 3
style game worth playing it's the one
with an actual storyline cool
collectible characters and non-stop
action-packed adventure it's the one
with literally thousands of challenging
puzzles to solve and yes i'm using the
word literally correctly of course i'm
talking about best fiends you meet your
best fiends early in their careers they
don't have much experience but they have
heart i recognized a little piece of
myself in each of them and so i began to
assemble the perfect team i watched them
grow as we solved puzzle after puzzle
working hard and playing hard today my
best fiends are ready to go anytime and
anywhere i'm really proud of what they
have become with new challenges and
levels added all the time there's never
a boring moment so download best themes
free today on the app store or google
play that's friends without the r best
veins
this episode is brought to you in part
by plant botanical
as everyone slowly comes out of hiding
many of you are asking the same
questions
am i ready for actual human contact
should i swipe right well they look like
their picture do i look like my picture
is that the face of an axe murderer do i
really want to take off these sweats
and for those of you who get that far
what drink should i be casually sipping
i have the answer to that one while your
date sits awkwardly silent stunned by
your good looks dazzled by your
intellect or wondering how to dispose of
your body the drink in your hand should
be delicious refreshing crisp clean
plant botanical vodka seltzer
weighing in at only one carb made with
real fruit and botanicals traditionally
used for stamina immunity and detox
plant botanical is already thinking
about your future encounters
follow in dm
plant loves you and share a story or
video of your funniest wildest or most
awkward date for a chance to win up to a
thousand dollars for your next one plant
botanical your perfect companion while
you look for your perfect companion
available at target pavilions vons total
wine or visit plantlovesyou.com
to find a store near you
plant vodka and vodka seltzer just the
good [__]
[Music]
um what other sport
like would you do speaking of i mean is
that such a [__] lame question no
like i play i play a lot of sports i
play soccer
growing up because i grew up in italy so
i played last time in italy did you grow
up we moved around so my father played
for like four different teams that must
have been lonely was it lonely
when you first got there like i first
got there yeah cause i didn't understand
a damn thing like literally nothing yeah
i go to the park to play basketball and
all these kids out there playing soccer
on a basketball court i'm like what the
hell is going on right now yeah um but
after a while like you know you make
friends and it's all good but like we
bounced around from city to city though
uh yeah i would just imagine that that
was i mean i
i
studied attempted to study i didn't
really study when i was in college
italian yeah
that's a fun language though oh it was
honorable you can say a few things in
italian yeah you know kobe speaks
fluently yeah all right
yes except the truth is is that i didn't
study there 20 years ago i studied there
i think 27 years ago i just don't know
how to say 27. let's not argue over
semantics
just shaping it yeah
that's fine
okay will you tell us about your um
about your book
so
the wizard am i saying that question
it's awesome it's so it's the series and
it's it it will become a series
yeah it is a series this is the first uh
installment first series of it yeah um
and it's about a
group of kids
that are sort of hard they they've had
you know the hard luck kids or whatever
and um and they become they become great
basketball players and
they have a special coach with powers
yeah his magical coach phil jackson yeah
phil jackson
phil jackson uh him and john wood i got
a lot of inspiration from phil jackson
john wooden
um and bill russell for this character
but it's a basketball book
but the most important thing is that
each kid
has his own inner fears
and things that they've struggled with
that they've either like consciously
buried or subconsciously buried
and those personal things are keeping
them from reaching their full potential
not only as basketball players but as
young men
right and for a lot of times for as
young men we are taught that
uh
being vulnerable is a sign of weakness
when in actuality it is a source of your
greatest strength
and these young men have to be able to
deal with that and figure out uh have
the bravery to face those inner things
and then when they do that
then they can reach their full potential
as young men don't you think that you're
you're i think you're right i have a
six-year-old um son
and um
and sim has a
newborn four-month-old rats thank you so
much
yeah he's smiling but do you see do you
see what's going on
lack of pain
pain there's a lot of pain very very
true
he's not getting laid yeah well there
you go there's there's
there's a window there's a window there
and then
then then it's all good
yeah you'll be all right thanks hang in
there man
what the hell is going on right now what
is happening right now yeah seriously
what is that i'm already i can't believe
this is all i'm such a huge fan and i
can't believe this is happening right
now and now we know that my
but no but but like thinking about
how to teach my son to
express emotion and and
to be okay with that and at that
shifting period like you know 13 14 when
um
young men start to
shut down because it's uh because we've
um socialized them to
to um to not express
to to be tough or whatever to like pick
yourself up and and
my mom actually kind of raised me a bit
like that um
and i don't cry i'm not even sure i have
tear ducts
[Laughter]
but um but but i think it was good
in a sense for me to
to pursue acting when it feels like okay
how do i how do i face rejection time
after time after time and still want to
pursue my dream
um but at the same time i think that uh
the young men are
um
it's unfortunate that
that it's that
emotion emotional expression is
discouraged it sure is and and the thing
about it is you can't tell them
to be emotional right
right okay yeah yeah so the way to do
that is through creativity if you can
see
these young men in this story go through
that progression and understand how that
helps them to become stronger and you
see it through fantasy you see it
through magic it just becomes a part of
culture that's the most important you're
right because um
reading i believe helps develop empathy
and um and i think that's what your your
book does i i
because i think when you can use your
own imagination to
put yourself in somebody else's shoes
um you become a more you know um
developed person that which is extreme i
mean like for any team
you have to be able to have empathy and
compassion for others or you can't have
a team
and for these kids it's you know empathy
and compassion true empathy and
compassion really does first start with
self acceptance
you have to accept the fears accept the
insecurities that you yourself have yeah
then you can do whatever you want with
them you walk hand in hand with him you
can choose the fight and whatever the
case may be with my insecurities yeah
insecurities all that stuff i have to
walk hand in hand with my executives or
not
right but it's your choice it's your
choice and for these kids it's like okay
well i just went through a hell of a
journey emotional journey you can't see
the magic that i just went through i
can't see yours
but i understand that you went through
something
right so therefore i have respect and i
have you know compassion and empathy for
you and then as we get into later series
we'll start working through
having the bravery of communicating
what those are to others and that's a
whole other thing
so
when it becomes an animated movie
can i audition
yeah i i i think that that would be a
wise decision by me as a producer i
would think i think that'd be a wise
choice
congratulations
congratulations on ever what i've always
loved about your career even when you
were on the court and i remember that
spike lee documentary your your
attention to detail and your willingness
to always constantly learn as as the
game evolved and as you evolved with the
game and as you changed the game and
you're always constantly just you always
wanted to learn and now that you're done
with your playing career you didn't just
you know
hang out and be a broadcaster with with
uh you know shaq and chuck you're you're
actually going out there and you're
doing some amazing things and you're
learning about all these things you're
learning about about the film industry
about publishing about podcasting you
have a p p the puny's is great for kids
and so i mean i'm just so impressed with
the fact that you're ready to now after
you've dominated
basketball it's not about dominating but
you just want to constantly evolve and
grow as a person don't you think that
like
in order to succeed especially if we're
like independent agents like we sort of
all are in in this industry and in
sports
that imagine like that curiosity is
crucial it's the most important thing
it's it's like you you have to like i
want to know why like whatever that foam
i don't really want to know why that
foam absorbs sound but that the general
idea of that is there yeah it's the
curiosity yeah the things that you are
curious about i want to know why you're
not giving me your watch or your well
what is that i'm curious about that
they're they're they're fake it's okay
yeah listen um
i i've worked hard yeah yeah i got you i
got you right across from you i got you
uh maybe we can work out a lot all right
all right
i'll be a voice i'll audition
well that's what we'll do that's what
we'll do that's what we'll do we'll do
like a lifetime work for free in
exchange for a loaning of
would you be tempted yourself to get
into podcasting like do you find it how
do you find the process and can we
produce your podcast oh thank you um
yeah no i mean like doing a puny show
for me um was the extent of that for me
like in terms of
uh
doing something creative in the podcast
space um
i like you know
the novels the rollerbee wizard series
trying to the challenge of making that a
live action theater production
the next novel coming out legacy in the
queen that being an animated film
a live theater production
there's just a lot of fun thing i mean
but like i look in the industry and i'm
saying okay well um especially like an
animation there's like zero diversity in
animation
you know and how do you do that how do
we give
our young men and women out there to say
oh there's a there's another medium to
what you can express
there's no like there's no colors so
right like you know winning the oscar
last year uh for the short film their
basketball you say okay you're the first
african american to ever win an oscar
for a short animated film like
why how is that possible i don't wanna
like how is that possible it makes no
sense so how do we create other
opportunities how we how do we raise
another generation of 2d
animation artists how do we teach those
skill sets so that they understand that
there are other forms of expression
other than music or sports or some of
the things that you're kind of
gravitating to there's a whole other
medium yeah
what do you miss most about basketball
um you know i i are you like nothing
yeah no i i would say nothing but like
like
like the reaction so like if i hit a
game-winning shot yeah you can see the
reaction of the crowd at home either
they love it on the road they're like
damn it yeah [__] guy did it like
that sort of thing
with stories you don't get that you know
like you release the story and then it's
out there and you don't get that with a
single camera i i get a tiny i don't get
nothing nothing like what you experience
but because we shoot our show mom in
front of a live stream audience so we do
get like just the the crowd feedback
which is thrilling yes and and i see you
light up and i love i love that because
you feel it yeah yeah it's it's like
[__] yeah it's like you know um
and in the camaraderie the in the energy
that you feel with
the audience and and you know with your
fans um
but i but i do so
but and i wonder like when i
go do other projects eventually or
whatever um how much i will miss um that
that live feedback
and how addictive it is because you want
to see people respond to it and like you
want to see them kind of groove with it
or whatever i love it that you are you
like you you totally lit up when we when
we talk about this when you shot 82
points
you gave me one more i wish it was 81.
it should have been 82. it should have
been 82. i actually missed two free
throws that game should have been 83. my
producer who's counting but wait but how
far along in the season were you um
god i think uh
almost at the midpoint so it was in
january so almost at the midpoint of the
season so you're
you know exhausted um
but that must have just been like you're
just in the zone yeah and just part of
your brain like just do you get to that
place where you're
like most of your brain is just checked
out
and yeah you're not there you're
and it's like able to singularly focus
on
the dance it's the feeling of when you
when you do so like in that summer um
i worked so much like on the shots and
like the same spots that i was going to
be at during the game i knew where those
spots were going to be and so i worked
on those same shots thousands of times
so that whole season was like autopilot
so what so what's what are your sweet
spots then like what like so like if you
watch the game so you the positions in
which i was catching the ball like by
the free-throw line area like where the
little elbow is at the wing
at the low post like those are my
operation areas so did you but did you
have favor aside
no give me coconut no i didn't want so
so those are great questions because i
didn't want to have a favorite side i
wanted both sides
to be confident yeah you could you can't
yeah you can't force me anywhere
anything you pick is the wrong pick
you know what i mean and so working on
those things over and over and over so
like you know when you play you just
dissolve into the game you don't have to
like
think through stuff because you've been
through it so many times that's just you
get out of your own way and boom off you
go
that's that's amazing i can't imagine
did you study um like your opponent like
i don't know god yeah
you're like oh yeah i'm gonna [__] with
that oh my god i'm gonna zig i'm
exaggerating dude no it's like because
such emotion it's such an emotional game
so like if you can understand
those kind of inner uh uh
fears of the person that you're playing
against then you can use those against
them sort of thing do you think it's
more emotional than football
they're about the same you know every
sport's about the same it's kind of like
the you know it depends on the emotion
that you put into it is what you get
back i think but i do wonder if like the
like i said knowing nothing if the size
of the of a football field and having
essentially armor
um
creates like uh a distance between like
as opposed to a basketball court where
you are right
there on the floor
and
well you have a lot of basketball you
have a lot of players responsible for
doing a lot of different things you know
in football you have the defense you
have the offense you have special teams
so you have three different phases and
so each phase
are almost like their own individual
team so to speak you know what i mean
and so it's very very different i mean
in football you have to have
multiple leaders right you know somebody
that's leading the um special teams
leading the defense captaining the
offense
and then a head coach that's responsible
for the entirety of it all
in basketball it's not the case like you
know one player in the team can really
affect the entire
you know the offense the defense and
everything else in between
and and i also feel like uh football i i
enjoy watching it i don't know what's
going on but it does but there's
there's are there's it's arbitrary it
feels like the the rules sometimes it's
it feels a little nonsensical at times
but i enjoy it for that fact but i
but i also appreciate basketball for its
straightforwardness it's a high scoring
game
which i think numbs maybe an american
audience i kind of blame basketball for
america's lack of interest in soccer
well yeah here's the thing though but
soccer's like football though like
football how many touchdowns are on
football games a lot of times how many
goals are scored in soccer we just score
them differently so like a soccer would
be different for every goal you get six
points and then you get a penalty kick
and then that's seven
yeah but i don't think that it's it's
film like the the way it's shot soccer
it's
they're like an hour and a half and
you're done yeah that's true but in
football you have that the spirit of
like yeah someone is like oh
yeah
yeah you know what i mean like there's
that and soccer is just a lot of ball
movement and things like that which is
beautiful cause i love watching soccer i
haven't i i can't i was asking not to
bring up terry crews again but i do i
did i love him but i was asking him
about like what it it's like to be to
[__]
throw your body yeah with all like with
everything you have against another body
like i ca i just physically i bet that's
the equivalent of like kobe slam dunking
on someone yeah
right how does that feel when that when
there's a poster you know that's gonna
be yeah yeah it feels good it feels good
you know it's like it's it's like making
a statement you know what i mean it's
like an emotionally charged thing like
you you know it's like you might get
jabbed in the eye yeah or you might get
knocked on your ass like you know what i
mean it's just one of the others like
you know all the perks yes yeah all the
fun stuff
i remember going to basket against yao
ming yao means like seven foot six
but like why two and like massive and
i'm looking at i'm like
i'm going in there i'm going i'm going
i'm going yeah i'm going
that's it
yeah kobe i love it it worked out thank
you kobe thank you so much i truly like
i can't i can't thank you enough um
really like this is this is a person
this is such a thrill thank you will you
do me a favor will you say a quick happy
birthday to my wife's grandmother 85th
85th birthday she's been a seasoned
lakers season ticket holder for decades
she's absolutely she's so excited that
i'm here right now her name is her name
is linda linda uh happy 85th birthday
linda
and happy birthday for me too i'm sorry
i was kind of a [__]
you met
yeah i know i know i was being a jerk
that's great like when i get when i get
nervous i throw sim under the bus
and it's not it's not kind of me but
anyway kobe thank you thank you
[Music]
you